page 1
"" …Your Majesty.
"" You can see me, right?
() It’d be hard not to see you.
ST: It was already bad, but it’s even worse now.
"" Why? Have you forgotten even the one name you knew?
"" ...Rashid.
page 2
"" What are you doing? I told you not to get up.
"" It’s not that, I’m just frustrated.
"" What if you go out and do something again? I haven’t forgiven you yet.
// Are you really just going to erase Haniel’s memory and leave? Dream on.
() I think I’ve heard that about a hundred times already.
"" Please don’t. I was just worried about Haniel getting hurt.
ST: Roar!
<> You were just thinking about Haniel!
"" Stop it.
"" But today, I also need to go out.
// It’s the day Rianess opens, after all. I’m still a lord from the North...
ST: Puff~
"" What are you going out for?
page 3
"" What for? Since both lords are leaving right after the meeting, I thought I should at least say goodbye, and then...
"" Someone who cares so much about others, yet how could you forget one person?
"" Your Majesty!
"" Lie down.
page 4
"" What on earth is he doing?
"" Are you really asking because you don’t know?
"" Selene.
ST: Thud
"" On a board that’s already been set! A single word! If only one simple word had been said, the game would have ended right there,
// Didn’t it happen because someone cried out while holding a baby, saying “I wish…”?
[] I guess Selene hasn’t changed, whether as a human or a duck.
page 5
ST: Clenched fist
<> Think about it. There are nobles, and lords too!
ST: Thump
// After being freed from the curse, when everyone was feeling emotional, you should have said your real wish then!
ST: Frustrated
<> Don’t you know about a wish pass? Given the atmosphere, anything you said would’ve been granted!
"" But that was my real wish.
"" I know better than anyone how big the wound is from being abandoned by my mother.
// I can’t make Haniel bear that twice.
"" So adults can be hurt, but it’s okay?
"" …Your Majesty...
"" Mistress, I mean.
page 6
"" Is it okay for the mistress to be without Your Majesty?
// Can you really be okay with erasing Haniel’s memory and never seeing Your Majesty again?
"" Selene.
<> What a golden opportunity!
<> You should have seen how devastated Your Majesty was!
“” Why keep doing this? Everything ended well.
<> I’m sure it’s just your own thoughts!
"" Anyway, if it were me, I would have resolved everything right then.
// I would have clung to Your Majesty, no matter what…
ST: knock, knock
page 7
"" I, I think I’ll leave now, Mistress.
"" Why? Stay a little longer. We have a guest coming.
"" No, I need to help Lord Dion prepare for the lakeside ceremony again.
"" The hunt ended because of ‘someone,’ and everyone is extremely disappointed.
page 8
"" Sir Darren, I mean… Your Highness, have you arrived?
"" Catherine
"" I expected it when you were a swan, but I didn’t expect you to be this handsome.
"" Of course, when I first heard that you were our Haniel’s brother, I was even more shocked than now.
"" But now that I see your true form, you’re even more beautiful.
"" Mommm!
"" my princess!
"" Mommyyy, my face can't get red! N-no! H-His Majesty is...
"" Why, big brother?
"" H-He's giving me a ribbon...It's red.Mhm, that's right, it's red.But... Mommy said I'm not supposed to turn red...

page 9
"" Um, Prince Roam. Why is Haniel still...?
"" I told you, didn’t I? Haniel isn’t cursed.
<> Haniel isn’t cursed? Then what is this...
"" I gave her the blessing to live in the most beloved form,
// That’s the blessing I gave her.
"" ...Blessing?
"" As you all know, Haniel hasn’t received proper love for the first three years of her life.
"" When she came to the palace, she said she wanted to see mom, but she didn’t mean ‘mom’ in the true sense.
"" She wanted someone to hold her, smile at her, and fall asleep with her.
// That’s probably all Haniel thought a mom was.
"" So I sincerely blessed her as a brother to meet 
""such a person and receive such love.
"" But Your Highness, now that I’ve returned as a person, why is Haniel still like this?
"" I don’t know what to do anymore.
page 10
"" Maybe if the anxiety disappears, her heart will change.
ST: Mom! Do this, do this!
"" Anxiety? Haniel still has anxiety?
"" Think about it.
// Now that she has a mother, what would be the most anxiety-inducing thing for the happiest child in the world?
ST: Come here.
ST: Go away, Roam, big brother Darren, the teacher will eat you!
"" Then what about Rania?
"" By now, the trial must have started.
// Big brother must have told them to separate Ronin from that body, and he’ll bear the full consequences.
"" ...I see.
page 11
[] On that day, by Rashid’s orders, Rania was spared her life but stripped of all rights.
[] How miserable and ugly she looked, dragged away with her limbs bound and bleeding…
[] Her story swept through the North for a while.
"" I still don’t understand. Why did someone who had everything become so ugly?
"" Ronin was the same.
"" Ah, that dark magician?
page 12
"" He was a friend with extraordinary talent.
"" If he had just focused on studying magic, he would have eventually succeeded the great magician.
"" But he couldn’t be satisfied with what he had. In the end, his greed led him down the path of destruction,
"" So, Your Highness, did you start following him from then?
"" I chased Ronin for over a year, traveling all over the continent.
// During that time, I visited the palace to see Haniel and took her out.
"" If we left her alone, Haniel would have been in danger, even without dark magic.
"" It wasn’t necessary for her to turn into a swan, but it was surprising that she chose to do so.
"" But it was easier to take her out.
page 13
"" Thank you, Haniel.
"" Huh? Why?
"" Thank you for coming to me.
() …To the black swan mom.
"" If Your Majesty finds out, I’ll be in trouble, but I still have to thank you, Your Highness.
// You brought Haniel all the way to the North.
"" I already knew about the suspicious events happening in the North.
// During that time, I took Haniel to the lake where my mother stayed and planned to investigate slowly. But then…
page 14
"" So you met the family at the lake.
"" With that kind of power, I was sure it was Ronin.
"" Then why did he appear in front of Rania?
"" Ronin isn’t a fool.
// He must have carefully chosen someone who would pay the price for everything he did.
"" ...Still, he cursed so many people.
"" But you didn’t even say anything to me… I didn’t know.
ST: I made about ten forbidden romance episodes between parents and handsome teachers...
ST: Muttering
"" By the way, how did Your Majesty know?
ST: Anyway! You’re quick to catch on. That’s why you’re so jealous…
page 15
"" Catherine?
"" Ah, I’m sorry. Where did I leave off?
"" It’s nothing. I think I’ve said everything I needed to say.
// Catherine, you must have been through a lot. I apologize for my rudeness.
"" The real hardship was probably for Darren, no, for Your Highness.
// If Your Majesty knew the truth back then, he wouldn’t have left me alone.
"" Hmm, that’s...
page 16
"" I can already see it clearly. You must have pressured them as if you were going to kill them.
"" You probably demanded Haniel be returned, the curse lifted, or everything destroyed.
"" You did push them to the edge, but… surprisingly, there was only one request they made.
"" What?

